README.md, before:

# NgxWebmonetization

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 8.3.8.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).

Commit message:

docs(core): Modify workspace README.md

README.md, after:

This is an multi-project workspace that houses two Angular projects:

- **ngx-webmonetizer**: A library that provides a quick and easy way to add Web Monetization to your Angular Web Apps.
- **come-fund-me**: A demo application that uses `ngx-webmonetizer`.

This workspace, as well as the contained projects, was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 8.3.8.


# `ngx-webmonetizer`

## Build

Run `ng build ngx-webmonetizer` to build the library. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/ngx-webmonetizer` directory. There is no need to add the `--prod` flag, the library is built for production by default.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test ngx-webmonetizer` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).


# `come-fund-me`

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/come-fund-me` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

There are no unit tests for this project at this time.

~~Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).~~

## Running end-to-end tests

There are no end-to-end tests for this project at this time.

~~Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).~~


# Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).
